osx_watchfolder
    by Paul Wilson
    http://merecomplexities.com 

== DESCRIPTION:

osx_watchfolder is a tiny gem to take advantages of OSX 10.5's folder watching functionality. 

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

osx\_watchfolder  enables you to point a script at a directory, or group of directories, and be notified of changes.  Example usages are _autotest_-like scripts.

Due to limitations with Ruby threading and Ruby-Cocoa, folders may only be watched from the main Ruby thread.

Only works on OSX 10.5+ (Leopard), obviously.


== SYNOPSIS:

To run a method 'run_tests' when a change is detected in a couple of folders:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'osx_watchfolder'
  OsxWatchfolder::FolderWatcher.new("lib", "test") { run_tests}.start

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Only works on OSX 10.5+ (Leopard)

== INSTALL:

  sudo gem install paulanthonywilson-osx_watchfolder


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 FIXME (different license?)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
